[YUNA yawns]
I slept great!
Nice! I'm fully recovered.
Man, this suit
really is amazing.
I can't believe these
never get dirty.
Talk about convenient.
Okay!
Time to go adventuring.
[YUNA]
Ice Arrow!
[gasps]
Harvest these, please!
[FINA]
Right! I'll do my best!
Bear Punch, go!
Here's more!
[FINA]
I'll do my best...
Have a Bear Kick!
[BOAR groans]
Ta‐dah!
[FINA]
Um... I'm sorry.
Huh?
What?
[GENTZ] Look, it's great
that you're giving Fina
so much work to do,
but this might be too much.
This pile is gonna take her a
long time.
I guess harvesting is
pretty tough work, huh?
Yeah, kind of.
But when I think
about how much work
you put into hunting them,
I try to be extra careful
with their materials,
and it ends up taking
longer for me to complete.
[YUNA]
She is such a sweet child!
The harvesting facility
is a shared space.
We encourage people to take
turns if it's really crowded.
[YUNA]
Ah, makes sense.
Sorry I let you down, Yuna.
Hey, now, don't apologize.
It's not your fault
that the place is so busy.
If anything,
I should be thanking you
for being so careful
with all your harvesting.
Yeah?
[YUNA chuckles]
[YUNA]
Still though, what should I do?
[VILLAGER 3A]
A bear?
[VILLAGER 3B]
That's so strange.
[VILLAGER 3C]
It's her.
[VILLAGER 3D]
She's back.
[ADVENTURER 3A] I heard she
hunted another pack of wolves
and overloaded the
harvesting facility.
[ADVENTURER 3B]
Not just wolves!
She's hunted everything in the
vicinity close to extinction!
[ADVENTURER 3C] Bears live
at the top of the food chain!
[YUNA] These stories are
starting to get real wild.
[HELEN]
Miss Yuna, do you have a moment?
[YUNA]
Hm?
[HELEN] I'm sorry to ask,
but could you please hold off
hunting in this
area for a while?
Huh? Why, though?
The forest near here
is a good spot for
budding adventurers,
but at the rate
you're clearing it out,
there won't be any quests
left for the new people.
Yeah, but I'm
still budding, too.
Most new adventurers
can't take down a whole
pack of wolves by themselves.
[YUNA grunts]
[YUNA]
There go my plans for the day.
[LANZ]
I've found you!
Huh?
[LANZ]
You're the little brat
who punched Mister
Deborane in the face!
[YUNA]
Huh?
Whoa! Who punched who?
[LANZ]
I'm talking about you!
The girl wearing the
stupid bear costume!
‐‐[YUNA] Me?
‐‐[LANZ] Yes, you!
How dare you lay your
paws on Mister Deborane?!
Deborane.
Uh, who's that?
[LANZ gasps] You just beat
him up the day before yesterday
with your cowardly
tactics, remember?!
[YUNA]
I did?
Oh, yeah, you mean
the weird goblin dude.
Or hobgoblin dude,
it's whatever.
It's not whatever!
You can't go around
calling people monsters!
That's plain rude,
you know! Ugh!
That's enough, Lanz.
Gil? Let me go!
You're embarrassing us.
I'm so sorry about
our party member.
And you must be
the infamous Yuna.
Yeah.
[RULINA]
My name is Rulina.
We're actually in a party
together with Mister Deborane.
[RULINA] See, we had accepted
a quest to hunt some goblins.
Ah, but then I
beat you to the punch
by hunting down the goblin
known as Deborane instead.
That's Mister Goblin Deborane!
To be perfectly honest,
I don't blame you for
punching him, you know?
Rulina! Whose side are you on?!
Well, it was Deborane's fault.
What's the problem
with you guys?!
Why are you siding with
a girl in a bear costume?
[GIL]
We're not siding with anyone.
From what I heard, Deborane
picked the wrong fight.
[LANZ] Come on, Gil!
Mister Deborane almost had
his guild card
revoked because of her!
[GIL] Which also would
have been his own fault.
[RULINA]
Calm down, Lanz.
Um, I should probably go.
Miss Rulina, regarding
your latest quest...
I'm so sorry. We just
can't do it without Deborane.
Unfortunately,
he was our only tank.
Lanz and I can't protect Rulina
from attacks without him there.
Is it possible to
forfeit the quest?
Yes, it would be marked
as a completion failure.
‐‐[LANZ] Damn!
‐‐[RULINA] A failure?
Not good for our
future jobs and ratings.
Surely there's a clause
for canceling a quest
due to a missing party member!
[HELEN] I'm afraid not.
Those are the rules.
As such, the guild
can't change the result.
Have fun with all that.
Okay then.
Wait! You could always
ask Miss Yuna for help!
[YUNA]
Uh!
What?
[YUNA] Listen, after
this I'm totally done
with that Deborane dude.
Right. I understand.
Good. So why are you
tagging along again?
I usually do these
sort of quests solo.
Well, this was our party's
quest to begin with,
plus it would be
irresponsible for us
to have you handle everything.
[YUNA]
She's way too sensible
to be hanging out with
a bunch of hotheads.
[RULINA] Will we be all right?
This quest has over 50 goblins.
Please, that's like 50
Deboranes. It'll be easy.
They're goblins, not Deboranes!
A horde of them can
be a lot to handle.
A Deborane horde
sounds way gross.
Can you stop comparing
him to goblins, Yuna?!
Okay then, let's hunt goblins.
I think you mean Deboranes‐‐ Uh!
[YUNA chuckles]
[YUNA]
Looks kinda far.
[RULINA] It'll take
a whole day, round trip.
[YUNA]
Hmm...
Guess we should hurry then.
Uh, why do you look so scary?
What weird trick
are you about to pull?
You ask too many
questions, Rulina.
Please... no.
[yelps]
What the what?
You're gonna wanna
hold on tight.
[RULINA screams]
[RULINA]
Stop it, Yuna!
[RULINA gasping]
I told you to stop!
You didn't stop.
I've never gone
that fast in my life.
You pee your pants?
Absolutely not!
[YUNA]
Cool bears.
So are you ready
to slay some goblins?
Yes.
We'll need to take care
of their guards first,
and we'll have to be
quiet so they don't hear us.
There's only a few outside.
Hold up. Uh, there's
way more than 50.
Maybe a hundred.
What? I can't believe
there're so many of them!
Wait, how could you
possibly know that stuff?
I have a detection spell
that lets me know how
many monsters are around.
There's magic like that?!
[YUNA]
Air Cutter!
[GOBLINS shriek]
[RULINA]
Uh! Uh, oh, wait! Wait for me!
Bear Fire, go!
[YUNA]
Bear Wall!
That should do it.
What should do it?
I threw in a bunch of fire magic
and sealed off
the cave's entrance.
The fire should eat up
all of their oxygen
and suffocate the goblins
that are still inside.
"Oxygen"? What does that mean?
[YUNA]
Uhh...
Just trust me, it's gonna
take care of our goblin problem.
[RULINA]
It will?
[YUNA] Yeah, we'll have
to wait a bit, though.
Do we have to
harvest those guys?
Yes, not all the parts, but we
definitely need the mana gems.
That's what serves as
our proof for hunting them.
You didn't know?
No, I'm still new to all this.
[RULINA]
Are you sure?
Aren't you going to do it, too?
Nope. I can hunt,
but don't know the first
thing about harvesting.
Well, it's a good idea to
learn how to do it yourself.
I'm not interested.
Guess I'll do it...
[YUNA] Now I'm kinda
glad I brought her.
I'm all done.
One goblin's
still alive in there.
[RULINA gasps]
[YUNA]
It's stronger than the others.
No way! It might
be a Goblin King!
[YUNA gasps]
[YUNA]
WFO had a boss like that.
It was a goblin that was smarter
and stronger than all the rest.
Well, at least that explains why
there were more goblins
than we first expected.
‐‐[rumbling]
‐‐[RULINA gasps]
[RULINA]
We should get some back‐up.
We can't take it
on all by ourselves!
[YUNA]
Cancel.
Yuna, what are you doing?!
It's just a Deborane
that's a bit strong.
It is way more than just a bit!
Oh, because it's
a Deborane King?
Yes, that's exactly right! Uh!
[YUNA chuckles]
[footsteps]
[roars]
[gasps]
I've got this, Rulina!
Air Cutter!
[GOBLIN KING 3A grunts]
Wow, you're tough.
[bellows]
[YUNA grunting]
Let's kick it up a notch!
Bear Cutter!
[groans]
It hit! Nice job!
He's bleeding, but
I think I ticked him off.
[snarls]
Watch out, Yuna!
[YUNA] Right now,
all his focus is on me,
so he'll never see
this next part coming.
[GOBLIN KING 3A grunting]
[GOBLIN KING 3A groans]
And now, you're mine!
‐‐[GOBLIN KING 3A whimpers]
‐‐[YUNA] Bear Cutter!
[GOBLIN KING 3A groans]
[RULINA]
You actually beat him.
[YUNA]
He was surprisingly strong.
Should we extract the mana gem
from the Goblin King, too?
I think it would be better if
we took the corpse back with us.
Can you possibly fit him
inside of your item bag?
No problem.
[YUNA]
Woo‐hoo, free sword.
Let's check on the rest.
H‐Hot!
[YUNA] Hmm... Forgot
the cave was still on fire.
Here.
Should be safe now.
Amazing!
How many goblins do
ya think were in there?
[YUNA]
About a hundred.
Do you wanna help me
out with the harvesting?
Not really.
It'd go faster.
Still a no.
And it's a great
time to learn how.
Nope‐ty no.
[RULINA grumbles]
Yuna...
Gimme an "N" to the "O"!
[RULINA sighs]
I am supposed to be a
magic caster, not a harvester.
[sighs] That took forever.
Uh? [gasps]
[RULINA]
What is this thing?!
Uh. Whoa! She's asleep?!
Did you make this
weird house, Yuna?!
You wake up right now, missy!
Oh. It worked.
Don't go back to sleep!
[RULINA]
Hey, what were you doing?!
Did you collect
all the mana gems?
[RULINA]
Yes, all 100 of them...
Hold on, did you
really make a house
while I worked my butt off?!
Well, yeah, I didn't
want to get interrupted
by monsters or animals
while I was taking a nap,
so I made a little house
using some earth magic.
[RULINA]
Sure, you did the...
[YUNA]
This house was okay,
but I bet I could make one
that's a lot more comfortable.
Next time, I'll build
one that's even better.
[YUNA]
Cancel.
[RULINA gasps]
Are you ready to go?
No, I'm still a little tired
from all of the harvesting.
Then you can rest!
Not again. Please don't.
[yelps]
I'm begging you!
[ADVENTURER 3C]
The bear strikes again!
[ADVENTURER 3B]
He's covered in cuts and blood!
She's unstoppable!
[ADVENTURER 3D] Well, yeah,
she's the Bloody Bear!
[YUNA] Bloody Bear seems
like a dark nickname.
[sighs] I've finished
confirming the results.
There're a hundred and
ten goblin mana gems,
with a successful Goblin
King hunt to top it off.
No way.
[GIL]
Mm.
I can also testify as a witness.
Yuna's abilities
are very impressive.
And she's much
stronger than Deborane.
[LANZ grunts]
Miss Yuna, if it's
all right by you,
can the guild possibly take
the Goblin King off your hands?
You want a gross
body? It's yours.
So are we cool or what?
Huh? Yeah...
Good, then that settles it.
I'm done dealing with
Deborane's endless drama.
[LANZ]
Hold on...
Come on, what is it now?
[LANZ]
Mmm...
Huh?
Look, I'm sorry
about everything.
Thanks for helping us
with our goblin quest.
If I'd known there was a king,
I would have gone, too.
Thank you for protecting
Rulina in our stead.
[YUNA]
Uh...
Thank you.
Huh? Uh‐huh...
[YUNA] I wasn't expecting
that, but it was kinda nice.
[YUNA] I got some new skills
after slaying the Goblin King.
I should try them out.
Go!
[YUNA]
Hold up, you're my summon beast?
[KUMAYURU squeaks]
[YUNA chuckles]
You're, like, really big.
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma!
[YUNA]
Uh.
[KUMAYURU]
Mm...
[YUNA]
That's a good bear.
Huh? You want me to ride you?
[KUMAYURU grunts]
'Kay, here we go.
Is this all right for you?
[YUNA yelps]
[YUNA]
Wait, I didn't fall?
Cool. Is it because
you're my summon?
I guess... let's walk
around for a bit.
[KUMAYURU]
Mm!
Whoa! This is kinda nice!
Can you go any faster?
Kuma!
[YUNA] Uh, uhh. No matter
what, I can't fall off.
Let's see!
It's super soft.
I could probably even
sleep while traveling.
A bear summon beast.
This, I like.
[YUNA]
Nice! Good bear.
[KUMAYURU squeaks]
[YUNA gasps]
[YUNA] I didn't really come
out to hunt today, but...
[BOAR growls]
Oh, well, let's do this.
Uh?
Are you gonna fight it for me?
[KUMAYURU grunts]
Huh? That's a bear punch!
Kuma!
[YUNA] I've got a handle
on the summon beast thing,
so I should probably head back.
Huh? One per puppet?
Go!
[YUNA]
Cool, this one has white fur!
What the...?
[YUNA]
Wait, is it sulking?
Maybe it's jealous that
I only rode the other one.
I'm sorry, it wasn't on
purpose or anything,
I didn't even
know you were there!
I'm serious! I feel terrible
about the whole thing!
I know! What if I ride you
on the way back to town?
I'm sure that would
make you happy... right?
[KUMAKYU groans]
Kuma!
[sighs] That better?
Oh, yeah. I guess I should
give you guys some names, huh?
What would work?
Let's see, bear names.
This one is Kumayuru.
And the white one is Kumakyu.
Oh, they're real bears.
[BOTH]
Kuma!
They're so cute.
Aren't they?
And on top of being cute,
they're both super strong!
Wow. That's handy.
[FINA] Nice to meet you,
Kumakyu, Kumayuru!
[BOTH squeak]
[FINA giggles]
[YUNA]
I feel like a big sister kinda.
I was able to get a lot
of hunting done today
thanks to Kumayuru and Kumakyu.
Yeah. And I found some
herbs for my mom, too!
Oh! We better hurry back
so I can do the harvesting.
Oh. Wait a sec, that reminds me.
I think I found a
solution to our problem.
Huh?
Thanks for visiting
the merchant's guild!
So what type of business can
I help you ladies with today?
[YUNA]
I'd like to rent some land.
Right. Give me just
a moment please.
[YUNA] At least she didn't
shoot me any weird looks.
Finally, a professional.
[MILAINE]
Here's what we currently have.
The land is a bit more expensive
the closer you are
to the center of town,
but that's the
cost of convenience.
[YUNA] I'd like to get something
closer to Fina's house.
Plus, it'd be nice and quiet
since there probably wouldn't be
as many people around.
[YUNA] It seems like
this is a good spot.
Is the price negotiable?
What do you plan to
use the land for?
I'm building a house.
Excuse me for asking, but you
are the Bloody Bear, right?
[YUNA]
Hm.
[gasps]
[MILAINE clears throat]
Please pardon my outburst.
I meant, you're the
adventurer, Yuna.
Yep, that's my name.
We're so appreciative
of the materials
you bring in from monsters,
like the Goblin King
and Tiger Wolves.
And as a member of
the merchant's guild,
I'd like to
thank you personally.
I don't really get it.
Why would the merchant's
guild wanna thank me?
Oh, it's probably because
the merchant's guild
is used to sell items that are
obtained by the
adventurer's guild.
She's absolutely right.
As such, we're always
sure to keep a close eye
on any noteworthy adventurers.
Now, as for the land
purchase in question,
I can actually use my authority
to lower the price more for you.
Whoa, for real?
[MILAINE]
When work goes smoothly for you,
you're sure to bring
in more materials,
and that benefits
the merchant's guild.
I get it, so we'd
be helping each other.
That's right. Many people
want to get closer to you.
And I'm not ashamed to say that
I happen to be
one of those people.
Closer to me?
I'm sorry for the
late introduction.
My name is Milaine.
Now then, let's make a deal.
[YUNA gasps]
Uh, uhh...
Uh, yeah. Sounds good.
I promise this will benefit you.
[YUNA] Milaine certainly
knows how to run a business.
I'll give her that.
She's just a very
forward person.
I can see that.
Anyway, how 'bout
we build a house?
‐‐[FINA] Whoa, really?
‐‐[YUNA] Mm‐hm!
You might wanna stand back.
[YUNA] What things
do you need in a house?
A kitchen, bath,
toilet, bedroom...
[YUNA]
What else?
Oh. I should probably have
a good bear image in my head.
[YUNA yells]
[FINA gasps]
Wha‐‐?!
This will be my house
from here on out!
Come inside!
I made you a harvesting room!
[gasps]
So will you keep
helping me, Fina?
[FINA gasps]
Yes!
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma! Kuma!